# shayfaye.github.io
When one visits a web page, one is accessing it over the Internet. One computer (the client) will ask another computer (the web server) for the information it wants via a series of simple messages. This is called the HTTP (HyperText Transfer Protocol). The computer understands the files it receives, because it is written in a common language, called HTMl (HyperText Markup Language). The layout of the web page is structured via tags, which are special codes in HTML. Each web page has a URL (a Universal/Uniform Resource Locator), which identifies itself, so other computers can locate the information stored. The “http://” means a computer can pull this page off another using HTTP. The domain name comes after that, and the “.html” tells a computer it’s an HTML file. The web page often exists as part of a collection of web pages, which makes up a website. On each webpage, links or hypertext links can take a person to a different webpage on the same website or to a different website entirely.
The difference between the World Wide Web and the Internet is that the Internet is just one application that runs on the Web. The Internet is a network of computers. Emailing is using the Internet, but Googling is using the World Wide Web over the Internet. The Web is a collection of web pages, which have text, images, music, video, and animation files. 
Basically, anyone can access information that someone else has stored on their publicly accessible space (website).  In order to get someone to host a website, people rent web space on a large computer, which is operated by an Internet service provider (ISP). The web space given is a folder on the ISP’s server and it will be given an obscure name, which the owner will change to a unique domain name, so people can find it easily.
